
I have a laptop computer and we know that:
Computer data processing system
A data-processing system can be defined as an environment that combines human hands and machines that process data or are defined as inputs to emerge to the user in the form of outputs, information or facts
The Central Processing Unit (CPU), which is the abbreviation of CPU, serves as the first interpreter and accurate data and information processor.
The main memory is usually used to store the initial processing data, but it loses all information as soon as the power is out or the computer is closed, defined as random.
Input and output units: can be said to be the means by which a person enters the data to be processed to the computer; then it is processed and reviewed on the output units such as the screen.
The unit of calculation and logic: the unit used to store data in the form of numbers after being subjected to logical operations.
Human element: The role of the human element, whether a plant or a programmer, is the command-line and the data entry to be processed.
Types of computer data processing system
Processing of scientific data: This type depends on the calculations of both, whether accounting or comparative.
Processing of commercial data: The introduction of large amounts of data and output; but the number of calculations is few.
Data Analysis: Adopting a set of methods to arrive at an accurate description of the facts and the development of patterns and the most accurate interpretations and analysis of the data in the hands of the decision maker or those who need it.
The most prominent terms of encrypted digital currency circulating online
Stages of data processing in the computer
The process of processing data in the computer in several stages, namely:

Data entry: The first step to start processing this data is to enter it with the input modules available, such as a keyboard, mouse button, and so on.
Processing: The task of the CPU begins immediately with the instruction of the human element to start processing the data after it is entered. The computer performs a set of computational or deductive operations on the data, storing them, classifying them, arranging them and finally comparing them to making an appropriate decision on an issue.
Output: Data arrives in the form of information after completion of processing; it is ready to be placed in the hands of the user by the output units, and this is the end result.
